so the a repair officer on board DD Jeez is typically a first tore division
officer role in which you serve under the damage control the system
for the day a damage control division which is the our division
of so you assist the DC a with the basically the repair of certain
things around the ship so you're responsible for the damage control
equipment which includes the SCV ETS the repair lockers you also have
under you the whole takes which are responsible for you know the
toilets showers the sinks the vacuum systems which you know run run
the toilet so you also have the like some of the welders that you know
that run throughout the ship so a lot of things that that you don't
think about your daily activities that break you know you'll call
the repair division and will come in you know fix things